`azurerm_private_endpoint`: Adding example configurations on how to connect a `azurerm_private_endpoint` to various endpoint services (#6887)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: examples/private_endpoint/postgreSql/README.md

## Example: Private Endpoint

This example provisions a Private Endpoint which connects to a PostgreSQL server within Azure.

### Variables

* `prefix` - (Required) The prefix used for all resources in this example.

> * `location` - (Required) The Azure Region in which the Logic App should be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region in which the Postgresql Server should be created.
```
